GC additions docs (#4327)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/garbage-collection.md

The list of expired objects is written in Parquet format in the storage
namespace of the bucket under

> `_lakefs/retention/gc/addresses/mark_id=MARK_ID`, where MARK_ID identifies the

Reviewer: Do we need a bc note for runs on an older version?

Author: yes, thanks - added

run.

### GC job options

By default, GC first creates a list of expired objects according to your retention rules and then hard-deletes those objects. 
However, you can use GC options to break the GC job down into two stages: 
1. Mark stage: GC will mark the expired objects to hard-delete, **without** deleting them. 
2. Sweep stage: GC will hard-delete objects marked by a previous mark-only GC run. 

By breaking GC into these stages, you can pause and create a backup of the objects that GC is about to sweep and later 

> restore them. You can use [GC backup and restore](#gc-backup-and-restore) utility for that.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restore them. You can use the [GC backup and restore](#gc-backup-and-restore) utility to do that.   
```

Author: done

#### Mark only mode 

To make GC run the mark stage only, add the following properties to your spark-submit command:
```properties

> spark.hadoop.lakefs.gc.do_sweep=false

Reviewer: Definitely need to note the minimal version for mark-only. Otherwise I can set it on an older version and be unpleasantly surprised.

Author: great call, added

spark.hadoop.lakefs.gc.mark_id=<MARK_ID> # Replace <MARK_ID> with your own identification string. This MARK_ID will enable you to start a sweep (actual deletion) run later
```
Running in mark only mode, GC will write the addresses of the expired objects to delete to the following location: `STORAGE_NAMESPACE/_lakefs/retention/gc/addresses/mark_id=<MARK_ID>/` as a parquet.

> **Note:** The `spark.hadoop.lakefs.debug.gc.no_delete` property has been deprecated.

Reviewer: Specify a version please.

Author: done

   1. Branching out from an old commit.
   1. Expanding the retention period of a branch.
   1. Creating a branch from an existing branch, where the new branch has a longer retention period.

## GC backup and restore 

GC was created to hard-delete objects from your underlying objects store according to your retention rules. However, when you start 

> using the feature you may want to first gain confident in the decisions GC makes. The GC backup and restore utility was created to help 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the feature you may want to first gain confidence in the decisions GC makes. The GC backup and restore utility helps
```

Author: done
